DONE:

1.Make a tower defense game.

2.The player must be able to place towers anywhere on the map, and enemies can walk anywhere on the map. 


4.The player can make the enemies change direction by placing towers. 
In that case, an enemy must find another way around the tower(s), meaning the enemies must have adaptive pathfinding 
enabling them to recalculate the move path in runtime. 
You can use Unity Navmesh system (easier) for this or make your own A* pathfinding (quite harder).
If you make your own A* implementation, then you don’thave to make the recalculation feature.

5.The towers must shoot at nearby enemies.

6.Enemies startin one side of the map, and win if they can reach the opposite side of the map

7.It must be possible to upgrade the towers, so they shoot faster, harder, slow the enemies, or whatever you feel like the upgrade should do.

8.Players can sell or remove towers.

9.Make some visual effects, remember juice it or loose it

NOT DONE:

3.If the player blocks all paths to the other side, enemies will just instantly destroy a tower so they can pass -or alternatively, 
the player will be prevented from putting down the final tower that blocks the path.

10.Now make a new game which must be an onlinemultiplayer game. I don't recommend turning your tower defense game into a multiplayer game, 
just follow the standard Photon tutorial, or some other Photon tutorial.The tutorial you follow is up to you, 
it can be a simple pong game, a 3rd person shooter or whatever you like, 
just keep it simple. This is just to give you a chance to try to get some easy hands-on experience with multiplayer.

11.For multiplayer, I recommend you use Photon framework. 
You can also use Unity's own system called UNet, but it is being deprecated and replaced soon with a new system. 




MAYBE:

Make your own pathfinding  using A* or another algorithm, thus you don't use Unity's Navmesh system.

YELLOW NOT DONE:

Try and make both projectile towers and laser towers. For laser towers, you could use LineRenderer and Raycasting

Go all in on the "juice" -make many tweens and cool animations, a beautiful UI with buttons, a main menu, a story/introduction, multiple waves of attackers, boss fights, etc. 






